Add missing example links (#7261)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxGantt/1 Configuration/taskContentTemplate.md

Reviewer: Lines 28-34: Task position. Task resources. Task size.

    href: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Gantt/TaskTemplate/"
}

> To learn how to display both actual and planned tasks in the Gantt chart area with **taskContentTemplate**, refer to the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to display current and planned tasks in the Gantt chart area with **taskContentTemplate**, refer to the following example:
```
